Wait, you admit it?
Yup.
I wrote the purchase proposal last night
and sent it to HDS, not myself.
How shameless.
You lost our most important supplier.
Ooh, Liam.
Liam, unfortunately we caught Alice
making confidential copies.
Oh, you mean the proposal she sent to HDS?
Yes, wait, what, you know about that?
Liam, we must fire the secretary.
Before we discuss that,
I have a very important announcement to make.
I would like to officially introduce you.
Brad Wade.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Brad, CEO of HDS Pharmaceuticals,
and your new partner.
Mr. Wieb, is it weird?
Thank you, Alice.
Wait, what?
I am sorry for the late announcement,
but we have officially acquired HDS pharmaceuticals
a few days ago.
So the bidding was part of the plan?
Exactly.
Thanks to Alice.
You know, if it wasn't for her,
we wouldn't have got the supplies at the lowest price.
So the proposal's meant to go to HDS all.
No, no, okay, she didn't do it.
She did not send it out.
You laid out.
If I didn't do it, then it did.
I did.
You, you.
Thanks for saying that email for me.